the US National Security Council
spokesman has been holding a briefing at
the White House let's bring in our White
House correspondent kimy hit joining us
from the White House so what did he have
to
say yeah uh the the what the uh National
Security Council uh spokesperson John
Kirby had to say specifically uh really
was a followup on that shocking comment
that President Joe Biden made in the
Rose Garden on Wednesday where he
essentially said that he didn't believe
the number of Civilian casualties now
more than 7,000 with uh more than 3,000
children being killed in Israel's war in
Gaza saying that uh he couldn't trust
the the ver or verify those numbers to
be uh precise and uh the bottom line is
is that there were a number of
journalists that not only challenged
that uh but also called to question the
insensitive nature of the president's
comments and so uh there were repeated
questions about that to which the uh
spokesperson defended repeatedly saying
that the Biden Administration will not
apologize the president will not
apologize for making those remarks also
saying that they believe the numbers are
not reliable and they also while they
believe that there are many many
families that have been affected they
double down on the claim that Hamas is a
terror organization and as the result
they believe that these are false
numbers and so therefore they give them
no credibility now uh with respect to
the tragedy that we here at Al jazer
have been experiencing with the uh death
of the family of our Al jazer Arabic uh
Bureau Chiefs family uh I asked the uh
spokesperson John Kirby specifically
about that and whether Al jaaz
journalists are being targeted among the
many journalists that the center or
committee to protect journalists says is
now more than 24 journalists who have
been killed just since October 7th
trying to cover this conflict uh the
spokesperson said uh his thoughts and
prayers go out to those that are
grieving but he denied that alaz
specifically is being targeted in fact
uh he said just the opposite when I
asked him directly if in fact Al jazer
was being targeted he said that uh he
valued the the work that we are doing
and he said that uh he would not in any
way uh underscore reporting here in the
United States that uh says that there
have been attempts to silence our
network but that is exactly what has
been reported here in the United States
that the Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin uh reached out to the katari
government asking us to tone down our
coverage what I can tell you is that
that was flatly denied in the White
House brief in room just moments ago by
John Kirby and also he flatly denied
that Al jazer is being targeted
specifically for its War coverage okay
Kimberly we appreciate that thank you so
much for that update from the White
House